fix(curriculum): css a11y quiz (#58592)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-css-accessibility/66ed8fc1f45ce3ece4053ead.md

#### --text--

Why do you need to have good color contrast on your webpage?

#### --distractors--

To make the page more vibrant.

---

To meet requirements for search engine optimization (SEO).

---

To make important elements of the page stand out.

#### --answer--

To make the page content accessible and readable.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following tools allows you to enter background and foreground colors and check their contrast ratio?

#### --distractors--

TPGi Color Contrast Analyzer.

---

> Figma.

Reviewer: We have decided to not use a period (`.) for single worded options.
For consistency, it is good to remove period from all the single worded options in this quiz.
Other than that everything seems good to go.

#### --distractors--

Figma.

---

Canva.

---

WebAIM's Color Contrast Checker.

#### --answer--

TPGi Color Contrast Analyzer.

### --question--

#### --text--

Why should you NOT use `display: none` and `visually: hidden` to visually hide content?

#### --distractors--

These methods make it so that only assistive technologies like screen readers can access the hidden content.

---

These methods make it so that the content is only hidden until users move their mouse over the content.

---

These methods do not work with some browsers.

#### --answer--

These methods remove the content from the accessibility tree, making it impossible for screen readers to access the hidden content.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is an accessibility tree?

#### --distractors--

A visual representation of the layout of a webpage.

---

A structure used by screen readers to read the text content of a webpage.

---

A copy of the DOM tree.

#### --answer--

A structure used by screen readers to interpret and interact with the content on a webpage.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following code will result a width of at least 400px, and the width gets wider if the viewport is more than 1000px wide?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which of the following ensures that an image has a minimum width of `400px`, but becomes wider when the viewport width is greater than `1000px`?
```

Maybe a little better wording?
